ISPN-12398 Update Backup manager resource names and directories (#8908)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/backup_resources.adoc

|`cache-configs`
|OPTIONAL

> |Specifies either an array of templates to back up or `*` for all templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies either an array of cache templates to back up or `*` for all templates.
```

|OPTIONAL
|Defines either an array of Protobuf schema names to back up or `*` for all schemas.

|`tasks`
|OPTIONAL

> |Specifies either an array of script names to back up or `*` for all tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies either an array of server tasks to back up or `*` for all tasks.
```
